REQUIREMENTS.md, before:

- Need a small windowed application to run in background and scan a list
  of directories for new files every 5 minutes.
- Directory scanning should be recursive, descending into subdirectories to find .txrm files.
- Python 3.10 or higher should be used for this application.
- Files to be scanned end in .txrm. When a new file is found, the app should add it to
  a list of files that is checked every 10 minutes for changes in file
  size. If the file size changes, the timer restarts for that file.
- When a file has not changed in size for 10 minutes, the app should process
  the file using the logic in get-metadata-from-txrm.py to get the metadata.
- Metadata output should be saved in a text file with the same name as the 
  .txrm file but with a .txt extension, in the same directory as the .txrm file. The output file will be named filename.txrm.txt.
- Files that have an existing associated .txrm.txt file do not need to be monitored.
- Failure to extract metadata is also noted by writing a filename.txrm.txt file
  and placing "ERROR PROCESSING METADATA" in the contents of the file, in
  addition to logging the failure.
- The app should log its activity to a log file, including when it starts,
  when it finds new files, when it processes files, and any errors that occur.
- Log files should go in a "logs" directory in the same location as the application.
- Log files should be rotated daily, with a new log file created each day.
- The application should have a simple GUI that shows the list of .txrm files
  being monitored, their current status (e.g., "Waiting for changes", 
  "Processing", "Completed"), and any errors that have occurred.
- The GUI should also have a running text window that shows the log output in real-time.
- A status bar at the bottom of the window should display which directories and/or files
  are currently being scanned or processed.
- The list of directories to monitor should be configurable in the GUI and saved in
  a local preferences file, ideally in JSON format.
- Errors in extracting metadata should be logged.
- The program should start manually, not on boot. It does not need to be a
  system tray application.
- The window may be minimized and the application will continue to run. If the
  windows is closed (exit), it is the same as quitting the application.
- Use PySide for the GUI framework.
- There is no maximum number of files that can be monitored. There should be no
  more than several hundred files to watch, so this should not be an issue.

Commit message:

Bugfixes and refinements.
 - Added a "process now" button to force processing of a file being watched.
 - Files processed with an error are marked as completed so they're not re-tried over and over.

REQUIREMENTS.md, after:

- Need a small windowed application to run in background and scan a list
  of directories for new files every 5 minutes.
- Directory scanning should be recursive, descending into subdirectories to find .txrm files.
- Python 3.10 or higher should be used for this application.
- Files to be scanned end in .txrm. When a new file is found, the app should add it to
  a list of files that is checked every 10 minutes for changes in file
  size. If the file size changes, the timer restarts for that file.
- When a file has not changed in size for 10 minutes, the app should process
  the file using the logic in get-metadata-from-txrm.py to get the metadata.
- Metadata output should be saved in a text file with the same name as the 
  .txrm file but with a .txt extension, in the same directory as the .txrm file. The output file will be named filename.txrm.txt.
- Files that have an existing associated .txrm.txt file do not need to be monitored.
- Failure to extract metadata is also noted by writing a filename.txrm.txt file
  and placing "ERROR PROCESSING METADATA" in the contents of the file, in
  addition to logging the failure.
- Files that encounter errors during processing should no longer be monitored for changes.
- The app should log its activity to a log file, including when it starts,
  when it finds new files, when it processes files, and any errors that occur.
- Log files should go in a "logs" directory in the same location as the application.
- Log files should be rotated daily, with a new log file created each day.
- The application should have a simple GUI that shows the list of .txrm files
  being monitored, their current status (e.g., "Waiting for changes", 
  "Processing", "Completed"), and any errors that have occurred.
- Users should be able to select a file from the monitored files list and force
  immediate processing without waiting for the stability timer. This is useful
  for debugging and testing.
- The GUI should also have a running text window that shows the log output in real-time.
- A status bar at the bottom of the window should display which directories and/or files
  are currently being scanned or processed.
- The list of directories to monitor should be configurable in the GUI and saved in
  a local preferences file, ideally in JSON format.
- Errors in extracting metadata should be logged.
- The program should start manually, not on boot. It does not need to be a
  system tray application.
- The window may be minimized and the application will continue to run. If the
  windows is closed (exit), it is the same as quitting the application.
- Use PySide for the GUI framework.
- There is no maximum number of files that can be monitored. There should be no
  more than several hundred files to watch, so this should not be an issue.
